One of the most critical features of military life is enforced separation
from your loved ones, your family, and your friends. This is not
too bad in this day and age, you need to remember that back in the
early part of the eighteenth century, New England whalers would leave
on equal shifts and be gone for two two and a half years was no communication
all to their spouse or their parents, or the siblings or
their friends. And then they would come back for a short period time
and then got another ship and take off again. You don't see that kind
of separation, but there will be some separation. For instance when
you're in boot camp typically speaking you will not be allowed to
communicate other than by letter to anybody outside of yor boot camp
group, your platoon, or flight or batallion, or whatever that they
call it in your service. So the advice I think you should give your
your family is "I will be going I will appreciate any way you can
communicate with me, I would still be part of your life, so keep me
up on what's going on, and know that I'm thinking of you and I'll try
to communicate with you whenever I get a chance."